Ncsdk 4093 add support for supl client and update gps sample (#1792)
NordicPlayground/fw-nrfconnect-nrf: include/supl_os_client.rst

.. _supl_client:

> SUPL client

Reviewer: How should this be called? We call it supllib in the bin folder and supl_os_client in the include folder ... Should this be "SUPL OS client" instead?

Author: I think SUPL client is ok. SUPLlib is the specific library component that provides the SUPL Client functionality, supl_os_client refer to the OS integration code for using this client with NCS. But all of this is parts that provides SUPL Client functionality to NCS.

Reviewer: And it won't be confusing for users that the header file has a different name than the library folder?

Reviewer 2: I agree with Ruth, it would be best that the two things had the same name.

###########

The Secure User-Plane Location (SUPL) client module integrates the external SUPL client library into the |NCS|.
This library can be used to receive A-GPS data over the SUPL protocol.

> The SUPL client library is released under a different license than the |NCS|.

Reviewer: @bjorn-tore-taraldsen Is it a specific license that we can mention here (by name)?

Reviewer 3: This is a proprietary licence that we made to fulfill the licence agreement we had with OSS Nokalva. So it will be hard to identify be a name. Could we add something like this to highlight that this is a different license?
"Therefore, you must download and install it separately to be able to use this module. 
The license will be made available for you to read before you download the library. Please read through it before you accept and start downloading it."

Therefore, you must download and install it separately to be able to use this module.

Downloading and installing
**************************

> You can download the SUPL client library from Nordic Semiconductor's website.

Reviewer: @bjorn-tore-taraldsen Where can it be downloaded?

Reviewer 3: Still work in progress.
Will most likely be here https://www.nordicsemi.com/Software-and-tools/Development-Kits/nRF9160-DK/Download#infotabs 
Together with the other downloads on the bottom of the page.
Suggested header for this download section: "nRF9160 SiP SUPL Client library"

Download the zip file and extract it into the :file:`nrf/ext/supl/` folder.
Make sure to maintain the folder structure that is used in the zip file.

Configuration
*************

To enable the SUPL client library, set :option:`CONFIG_SUPL_CLIENT_LIB` to ``y``.
See :ref:`configure_application` for information on how to change configuration options.

API documentation
*****************

| Header file: :file:`include/supl_os_client.h`

> | Source files: :file:`lib/suplib/os/`

Reviewer: That should actually be supllib.

Author: ok

.. _supl_client:

SUPL client
###########

The Secure User-Plane Location (SUPL) client module integrates the external SUPL client library into the |NCS|.
This library can be used to receive A-GPS data over the SUPL protocol.

The SUPL client library is released under a different license than the |NCS|.
Therefore, you must download and install it separately to be able to use this module.
Before you download the library, read through the license on the webpage.
You must accept the license before you can download the library.

> Downloadine and installing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Downloading and installing
```

Oops.

> Downloadine and installing

Reviewer: Why is this downloadine again?

Reviewer 4: I assume it's a typo and should be "Downloading"

**************************

You can download the SUPL client library from the `nRF9160 DK product page`_.

Download the nRF9160 SiP SUPL Client library zip file and extract it into the :file:`nrf/ext/supl/` folder.
Make sure to maintain the folder structure that is used in the zip file.

Configuration
*************

To enable the SUPL client library, set :option:`CONFIG_SUPL_CLIENT_LIB` to ``y``.
See :ref:`configure_application` for information on how to change configuration options.

API documentation
*****************

| Header file: :file:`include/supl_os_client.h`

> | Source files: :file:`lib/suplib/`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Source files: :file:`lib/supllib/`
```

.. _supl_client:

SUPL client
###########

The Secure User-Plane Location (SUPL) client module integrates the external SUPL client library into the |NCS|.
This library can be used to receive A-GPS data over the SUPL protocol.

The SUPL client library is released under a different license than the |NCS|.
Therefore, you must download and install it separately to be able to use this module.

> The license will be made available for you to read before you download the library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before you download the library, read through the license on the webpage.
```

> Please read through it before you accept and start downloading it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must accept the license before you can download the library.
```

Downloadine and installing
**************************

> You can download the SUPL client library from Nordic Semiconductor's website.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can download the SUPL client library from the `nRF9160 DK product page`_.
```

> `download https://www.nordicsemi.com/Software-and-tools/Development-Kits/nRF9160-DK/Download#infotabs`_

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> Download the zip file and extract it into the :file:`nrf/ext/supl/` folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Download the nRF9160 SiP SUPL Client library zip file and extract it into the :file:`nrf/ext/supl/` folder.
```
